feat(dart_frog): add `defaultDocument` to `createStaticFileHandler` (#1901)
VeryGoodOpenSource/dart_frog: docs/src/content/docs/basics/static-files.mdx

In the above example, we're using `api/static` as our static file directory but
you can specify a path to any directory for Dart Frog to use.

> You can also serve a default document by specifying the `defaultDocument`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure the default document by specifying the `defaultDocument`
```
